update manage-ticdc for avro (#8747)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/manage-ticdc.md

| `replication-factor` | The number of Kafka message replicas that can be saved (optional, `1` by default)                       |
| `protocol` | The protocol with which messages are output to Kafka. The value options are `canal-json`, `open-protocol`, `canal`, `avro` and `maxwell`.   |
| `auto-create-topic` | Determines whether TiCDC creates the topic automatically when the `topic-name` passed in does not exist in the Kafka cluster (optional, `true` by default) |

> | `enable-tidb-extension` | Optional. `false` by default. When the output protocol is `canal-json`, if the value is `true`, TiCDC sends Resolved events and adds the TiDB extension field to the Kafka message. From v6.1.0, this parameter is also applicable to the protocol `avro`. If the value is `true`, TiCDC adds three TiDB extension fields to the Kafka message. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `enable-tidb-extension` | Optional. `false` by default. When the output protocol is `canal-json`, if the value is `true`, TiCDC sends Resolved events and adds the TiDB extension field to the Kafka message. From v6.1.0, this parameter is also applicable to the `avro` protocol. If the value is `true`, TiCDC adds three TiDB extension fields to the Kafka message. |
```

> | `enable-tidb-extension` | When the output protocol is `canal-json`, if the value is `true`, TiCDC sends Resolved events and adds the TiDB extension field to the Kafka message (optional, `false` by default). From v6.1.0, this parameter could also be set with protocol `avro`, if the value is `true`, TiCDC adds some TiDB extension fields to the Kafka message (optional, `false` by default).|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `enable-tidb-extension` | <ul><li>Optional. `false` by default. </li> <li> When the output protocol is `canal-json`, if the value is `true`, TiCDC sends Resolved events and adds the TiDB extension field to the Kafka message. </li> <li>  From v6.1.0, this parameter could also be set with protocol `avro`. If the value is `true`, TiCDC adds some TiDB extension fields to the Kafka message </li></ul>|
```

> | `enable-tidb-extension` | <ul><li>Optional. `false` by default. </li> <li> When the output protocol is `canal-json`, if the value is `true`, TiCDC sends Resolved events and adds the TiDB extension field to the Kafka message. </li> <li>  From v6.1.0, this parameter could also be set with protocol `avro`. If the value is `true`, TiCDC adds some TiDB extension fields to the Kafka message </li></ul>|

Author: ```suggestion
| `enable-tidb-extension` | <ul><li>Optional. `false` by default. </li> <li> When the output protocol is `canal-json`, if the value is `true`, TiCDC sends Resolved events and adds the TiDB extension field to the Kafka message. </li> <li>  From v6.1.0, this parameter could also be set with protocol `avro`. If the value is `true`, TiCDC adds some TiDB extension fields to the Kafka message.</li></ul>|
```

> | `enable-tidb-extension` | <ul><li>Optional. `false` by default. </li> <li> When the output protocol is `canal-json`, if the value is `true`, TiCDC sends Resolved events and adds the TiDB extension field to the Kafka message. </li> <li>  From v6.1.0, this parameter could also be set with protocol `avro`. If the value is `true`, TiCDC adds some TiDB extension fields to the Kafka message.</li></ul>|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `enable-tidb-extension` | Optional. `false` by default. When the output protocol is `canal-json`, if the value is `true`, TiCDC sends Resolved events and adds the TiDB extension field to the Kafka message. From v6.1.0, this parameter is also applicable to the protocol `avro`. If the value is `true`, TiCDC adds some TiDB extension fields to the Kafka message. |
```

| `sasl-mechanism` | The name of SASL/SCRAM authentication needed to connect to the downstream Kafka instance (optional)  |
| `dial-timeout` | The timeout in establishing a connection with the downstream Kafka. The default value is `10s` |
| `read-timeout` | The timeout in getting a response returned by the downstream Kafka. The default value is `10s` |
| `write-timeout` | The timeout in sending a request to the downstream Kafka. The default value is `10s` |

> | `avro-decimal-handling-mode` | Only effective with the protocol `avro`. Determines how Avro handles the DECIMAL field. The value can be `string` or `precise`, indicating either mapping the DECIMAL field to a string or a precise floating number.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `avro-decimal-handling-mode` | Only effective with the `avro` protocol. Determines how Avro handles the DECIMAL field. The value can be `string` or `precise`, indicating either mapping the DECIMAL field to a string or a precise floating number.  |
```

> | `avro-decimal-handling-mode` | Only effective with protocol `avro`. Control mapping DECIMAL field to string or precise floating number. Value could be `string` or `precise` |
> | `avro-bigint-unsigned-handling-mode` | Only effective with protocl `avro`. Control mapping BIGINT UNSIGNED field to 64 bit signed number or string. Value could be `string` or `long` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `avro-decimal-handling-mode` | Only effective with the protocol `avro`. Determines how Avro handles the DECIMAL field. The value can be `string` or `precise`, indicating either mapping the DECIMAL field to a string or a precise floating number.  |
| `avro-bigint-unsigned-handling-mode` | Only effective with protocl `avro`. Determines how Avro handles the BIGINT UNSIGNED field. The value can be `string` or `long`, indicating either mapping BIGINT UNSIGNED field to a 64-bit signed number or a string.  |
```

> | `avro-bigint-unsigned-handling-mode` | Only effective with the protocol `avro`. Determines how Avro handles the BIGINT UNSIGNED field. The value can be `string` or `long`, indicating either mapping BIGINT UNSIGNED field to a 64-bit signed number or a string.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `avro-bigint-unsigned-handling-mode` | Only effective with the `avro` protocol. Determines how Avro handles the BIGINT UNSIGNED field. The value can be `string` or `long`, indicating either mapping the BIGINT UNSIGNED field to a 64-bit signed number or a string.  |
```

#### Integrate TiCDC with Kafka Connect (Confluent Platform)

> To use the [data connectors](https://docs.confluent.io/current/connect/managing/connectors.html) provided by Confluent to stream data to relational or non-relational databases, you should use the `avro` protocol and provide a URL for [Confluent Schema Registry](https://www.confluent.io/product/confluent-platform/data-compatibility/) in `schema-registry`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the [data connectors](https://docs.confluent.io/current/connect/managing/connectors.html) provided by Confluent to stream data to relational or non-relational databases, you need to use the `avro` protocol and provide a URL for [Confluent Schema Registry](https://www.confluent.io/product/confluent-platform/data-compatibility/) in `schema-registry`.
```

Reviewer: Avoid using "should" for users if we can find a replacement for it.

Sample configuration:

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```shell
--sink-uri="kafka://127.0.0.1:9092/topic-name?protocol=avro&replication-factor=3" --schema-registry="http://127.0.0.1:8081"
```

> For detailed integration guide, see [Quick Start Guide on Integrating TiDB with Confluent Platform](/ticdc/integrate-confluent-using-ticdc.md).

Author: This link should also be updated after the referred doc is updated.

Reviewer 2: > This link should also be updated after the referred doc is updated.

I'm afraid this link will remain the same in v6.1 release, because the new doc will not be ready upon 6.1 release (Chinese draft ready on June 2nd, according to Yilin).

Author: Never mind. Just don't forget it and update later then.
